Katie Phillips, Ross Brandt, Julie Prichard, Max Baker
CPSC_03 CEDE meeting questions

1. What is a good way to transfer data between two different applications?
2. With your knowledge and experience, what insights will you be able to contribute to the project?
3. What advice would you give to students who are new to collaborating on large projects?
4. If you were to use this product, what sort of features would you want it to have?
5. What user groups would you see this product benefitting?
6. Can we still receive funding for the purchase of 3D models to use in our project?
7. Does our sponsor have to approve our MVP?
8. Should we meet with our sponsor at the end of each sprint or more often?
9. When do we have access to the Gonzaga owned Vive?
10. Do we own our project or does our sponsor?
11. What kinds of things would you want to use the MPT to memorize (i.e. a foreign language, state capitals, presidents, etc.)? Would you be interested in us providing some demos of these?
12. Would you be willing to go somewhere with a VR headset to use our product? Or would you prefer something on a mobile device? Pros: more accessible. Cons: user is not as immersed.
13. Do you see non-students being interested in our product (i.e. for learning languages, trivia, etc.)?
14. Would you be interested in extensions of our product (i.e. making memorization games, providing online service and demos, creating a sharing space online)?
15. Do you think our product would be attractive to businesses (i.e. instructional designers)?
16. Does Gonzaga provide a computer capable of running the Vive properly or do we have to provide one.
17. Does Gonzaga provide enough space for using the Vive or will we take it off campus.
18. Does our advisor have more experience in or a preference for Unity versus Unreal Engine?
19. Are there any costs to putting our project onto the Vive distribution network (Steam Store?)
20. Given that are focus group will be smaller, and therefore not statistically relevant, how seriously should we take their advice.